Fixed #33407 -- Fixed .radiolist admin CSS. (#15333)
django/django: docs/releases/4.0.2.txt

* Fixed a regression in Django 4.0 that caused a crash of ``makemigrations`` on
  models without ``Meta.order_with_respect_to`` but with a field named
  ``_order`` (:ticket:`33449`).

> * Fixed a regression in Django 4.0 in the admin CSS for fields in
>   :attr:`ModelAdmin.radio_fields
>   <django.contrib.admin.ModelAdmin.radio_fields>` (:ticket:`33407`).

Reviewer: Maybe:
```suggestion
* Fixed a regression in Django 4.0 that caused incorrect
  :attr:`.ModelAdmin.radio_fields` layout in the admin (:ticket:`33407`).
```
